---
title: Microsoft Report Message 和 Report 仿冒 Add-In 授權條款
description: 說明 Microsoft Report Message 和 Report 仿冒 Add-In 授權條款
keywords: microsoft，報表，網路釣魚，安全性，騙局，駭客，授權，條款，應用程式，使用，安裝，服務，意見反應
search.product: eADQiWindows 10XVcnh
ms.prod: w10
ms.mktglfcycl: deploy
ms.sitesec: library
ms.pagetype: security
ms.author: v-maave
author: martyav
ms.localizationpriority: medium
manager: dansimp
audience: ITPro
ms.collection: M365-security-compliance
ms.topic: conceptual
hideEdit: true
ms.openlocfilehash: a6c28bad5b79bc7459a1a00fabb6713b1759201d
ms.sourcegitcommit: b3bb5bf5efa197ef8b16a33401b0b4f5663d3aa0
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: zh-TW
ms.lasthandoff: 01/28/2021
ms.locfileid: "50032685"
---
# <a name="microsoft-report-message-and-report-phishing-add-in-license-terms"></a><span data-ttu-id="3bbde-104">Microsoft Report Message 和 Report 仿冒 Add-In 授權條款</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-104">Microsoft Report Message and Report Phishing Add-In license terms</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-software-license-terms-microsoft-report-message-and-report-phishing-add-in"></a><span data-ttu-id="3bbde-105">Microsoft 軟體授權條款： Microsoft Report Message 和 Report 仿冒增益集</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-105">Microsoft software license terms: Microsoft Report Message and Report Phishing Add-in</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-106">如果您生活中或公司的經營地點是以美國為基礎，請閱讀 Section 7，系結 *仲裁和類別動作棄權*。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-106">If you live in or are a business with a principal place of business based in the United States, please read Section 7, *Binding arbitration and class action waiver*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-107">說明如何解決爭議。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-107">It describes how disputes are resolved.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-108">*英文：* 因為此軟體是在加拿大發佈的，所以本合約中的部分條款 (專門于法文中提供的區段10、11和 12) 。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-108">*In English:* As this software is distributed in Canada, some of the clauses in this agreement (specifically in Sections 10, 11, and 12) are provided in French.</span></span>
>
> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-109">*En Français* Ce logiciel étant distribué au 加拿大，certaines des 子句 dans ce contrat (spécifiquement dans les 區段10，11 et 12) sont fournies ci-dessous en français。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-109">*En Français* Ce logiciel étant distribué au Canada, certaines des clauses dans ce contrat (spécifiquement dans les sections 10, 11 et 12) sont fournies ci-dessous en français.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3bbde-110">These license terms are an agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or one of its affiliates).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-110">These license terms are an agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or one of its affiliates).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-111">They apply to the software named above and any Microsoft services or software updates (except to the extent such services or updates are accompanied by new or additional terms, in which case those different terms apply prospectively and do not alter your or Microsoft’s rights relating to pre-updated software or services).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-111">They apply to the software named above and any Microsoft services or software updates (except to the extent such services or updates are accompanied by new or additional terms, in which case those different terms apply prospectively and do not alter your or Microsoft’s rights relating to pre-updated software or services).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3bbde-112">如果您遵循這些授權條款，您必須具備下列權利。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-112">If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-113">使用軟體，您接受這些條款。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-113">By using the software, you accept these terms.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-114">**安裝和使用許可權**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-114">**INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS**</span></span>

    1. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-115">**General.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-115">**General.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-116">You may install and use any number of copies of the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-116">You may install and use any number of copies of the software.</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-117">**Third Party Software.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-117">**Third Party Software.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-118">本軟體可能包含 Microsoft，而非協力廠商的協力廠商應用程式，此為您下的合約授權。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-118">The software may include third party applications that Microsoft, not the third party, licenses to you under this agreement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-119">針對協力廠商應用程式所包含的任何通知僅適用于您的資訊。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-119">Any included notices for third party applications are for your information only.</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-120">**Microsoft 服務合約。**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-120">**Microsoft Services Agreement.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-121">軟體的某些功能可提供或依賴線上服務的存取權。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-121">Some features of the software provide access to, or rely on, online services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-122">使用這些服務 (但不是軟體) ，由 Microsoft 服務合約中的個別條款和隱私權原則所制約 [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=398923](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=398923) 。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-122">The use of those services (but not the software) is governed by the separate terms and privacy policies in the Microsoft Services Agreement at [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=398923](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=398923).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-123">請閱讀。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-123">Please read them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-124">所有地區都無法使用這些服務。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-124">The services may not be available in all regions.</span></span>

2. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-125">**DATA COLLECTION.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-125">**DATA COLLECTION.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-126">軟體可能會收集有關您和您使用軟體的資訊，並將其傳送給 Microsoft。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-126">The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send that to Microsoft.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-127">Microsoft 可能會利用此資訊提供服務，並改善 Microsoft 的產品和服務。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-127">Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve Microsoft’s products and services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-128">產品檔中會描述您的自願退出權利（如果有的話）。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-128">Your opt-out rights, if any, are described in the product documentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-129">軟體中的某些功能可讓您的應用程式使用者收集資料，以存取或使用軟體。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-129">Some features in the software may enable collection of data from users of your applications that access or use the software.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-130">如果您使用這些功能在您的應用程式中啟用資料收集，您必須遵守適用的法律，包括取得任何必要的使用者同意，並維護正確的隱私權原則，以準確告知使用者您使用、收集和共用其資料的方式。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-130">If you use these features to enable data collection in your applications, you must comply with applicable law, including getting any required user consent, and maintain a prominent privacy policy that accurately informs users about how you use, collect, and share their data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-131">您可以深入瞭解 Microsoft 的資料收集，並使用產品檔和 Microsoft 隱私權聲明 [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=512132](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=512132) 。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-131">You can learn more about Microsoft’s data collection and use in the product documentation and the Microsoft Privacy Statement at [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=512132](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=512132).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-132">您同意遵守 Microsoft 隱私權聲明的所有適用條款。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-132">You agree to comply with all applicable provisions of the Microsoft Privacy Statement.</span></span>

3. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-133">**SCOPE OF LICENSE.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-133">**SCOPE OF LICENSE.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-134">The software is licensed, not sold.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-134">The software is licensed, not sold.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-135">Microsoft reserves all other rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-135">Microsoft reserves all other rights.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-136">Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you will not (and have no right to):</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-136">Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you will not (and have no right to):</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-137">work around any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-137">work around any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways;</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-138">reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-138">reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software;</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-139">remove, minimize, block, or modify any notices of Microsoft or its suppliers in the software;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-139">remove, minimize, block, or modify any notices of Microsoft or its suppliers in the software;</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-140">使用軟體進行商業、非盈利或創收活動;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-140">use the software for commercial, non-profit, or revenue-generating activities;</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-141">use the software in any way that is against the law or to create or propagate malware; or</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-141">use the software in any way that is against the law or to create or propagate malware; or</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-142">share, publish, distribute, or lend the software, provide the software as a stand-alone hosted solution for others to use, or transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-142">share, publish, distribute, or lend the software, provide the software as a stand-alone hosted solution for others to use, or transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.</span></span>

4. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-143">**EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-143">**EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-144">You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-144">You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-145">如需有關匯出限制的進一步資訊，請造訪 [https://aka.ms/exporting](https://aka.ms/exporting) 。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-145">For further information on export restrictions, visit [https://aka.ms/exporting](https://aka.ms/exporting).</span></span>

5. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-146">**SUPPORT SERVICES.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-146">**SUPPORT SERVICES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-147">Microsoft is not obligated under this agreement to provide any support services for the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-147">Microsoft is not obligated under this agreement to provide any support services for the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-148">Any support provided is “as is”, “with all faults”, and without warranty of any kind.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-148">Any support provided is “as is”, “with all faults”, and without warranty of any kind.</span></span>

6. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-149">**UPDATES.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-149">**UPDATES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-150">The software may periodically check for updates, and download and install them for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-150">The software may periodically check for updates, and download and install them for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-151">You may obtain updates only from Microsoft or authorized sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-151">You may obtain updates only from Microsoft or authorized sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-152">Microsoft may need to update your system to provide you with updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-152">Microsoft may need to update your system to provide you with updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-153">You agree to receive these automatic updates without any additional notice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-153">You agree to receive these automatic updates without any additional notice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-154">Updates may not include or support all existing software features, services, or peripheral devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-154">Updates may not include or support all existing software features, services, or peripheral devices.</span></span>

7. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-155">**捆綁仲裁和類別動作棄權。**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-155">**BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-156">**如果您是在 (，或公司，您的主要經營地點是) 美國，則適用本節。**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-156">**This Section applies if you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) the United States.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-157">If you and Microsoft have a dispute, you and Microsoft agree to try for 60 days to resolve it informally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-157">If you and Microsoft have a dispute, you and Microsoft agree to try for 60 days to resolve it informally.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-158">如果您和 Microsoft 無法，您和 Microsoft 同意在聯邦仲裁法案 ( "FAA" ) 上進行 **美洲仲裁協會的捆綁個別仲裁** ，而 **不是在「判斷」或陪審團之前的法院內 sue。**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-158">If you and Microsoft can’t, you and Microsoft agree to **binding individual arbitration before the American Arbitration Association** under the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”), and **not to sue in court in front of a judge or jury.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-159">Instead, a neutral arbitrator will decide.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-159">Instead, a neutral arbitrator will decide.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-160">**類別動作訴訟、全類別 arbitrations、私人律師-一般動作**，以及任何其他在其他人在任何情況下採取代表性容量的情況， **都不允許使用**。不同意所有的各方，也不會結合個別的訴訟。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-160">**Class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, private attorney-general actions**, and any other proceeding where someone acts in a representative capacity **are not allowed**; nor is combining individual proceedings without the consent of all parties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-161">完整的仲裁合約包含更多字詞，且位於 [https://aka.ms/arb-agreement-1](https://aka.ms/arb-agreement-1) 。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-161">The complete Arbitration Agreement contains more terms and is at [https://aka.ms/arb-agreement-1](https://aka.ms/arb-agreement-1).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-162">You and Microsoft agree to these terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-162">You and Microsoft agree to these terms.</span></span>

8. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-163">**ENTIRE AGREEMENT.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-163">**ENTIRE AGREEMENT.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-164">This agreement, and any other terms Microsoft may provide for supplements, updates, or third-party applications, is the entire agreement for the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-164">This agreement, and any other terms Microsoft may provide for supplements, updates, or third-party applications, is the entire agreement for the software.</span></span>

9. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-165">**APPLICABLE LAW AND PLACE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-165">**APPLICABLE LAW AND PLACE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-166">If you acquired the software in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of this agreement, claims for its breach, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-166">If you acquired the software in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of this agreement, claims for its breach, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-167">If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-167">If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-168">If U.S. federal jurisdiction exists, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal court in King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-168">If U.S. federal jurisdiction exists, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal court in King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-169">If not, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior Court of King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-169">If not, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior Court of King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span></span>

10. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-170">*英文：* **使用者權限;地區變化** 此合約會說明某些法律權利。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-170">*In English:* **CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS** This agreement describes certain legal rights.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-171">You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws of your state, province, or country.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-171">You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws of your state, province, or country.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-172">Separate and apart from your relationship with Microsoft, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you acquired the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-172">Separate and apart from your relationship with Microsoft, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you acquired the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-173">This agreement does not change those other rights if the laws of your state, province, or country do not permit it to do so.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-173">This agreement does not change those other rights if the laws of your state, province, or country do not permit it to do so.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-174">*En Français：* **EFFET JURIDIQUE。**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-174">*En Français:* **EFFET JURIDIQUE.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-175">Le présent contrat décrit certains droits juridiques.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-175">Le présent contrat décrit certains droits juridiques.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-176">Vous pourriez avoir d’autres droits prévus par les lois de votre pays.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-176">Vous pourriez avoir d’autres droits prévus par les lois de votre pays.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-177">Le présent contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous confèrent les lois de votre pays si celles-ci ne le permettent pas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-177">Le présent contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous confèrent les lois de votre pays si celles-ci ne le permettent pas.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-178">*在英文版中 (此區段中不提供更多法文轉譯) ：* 例如，如果您已在下列其中一個地區取得軟體，或套用必要的國家法律，則下列規定適用于您：</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-178">*In English (no further French translation provided in this section):* For example, if you acquired the software in one of the below regions, or mandatory country law applies, then the following provisions apply to you:</span></span>

    1. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-179">**Australia.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-179">**Australia.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-180">You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in this agreement is intended to affect those rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-180">You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in this agreement is intended to affect those rights.</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-181">**Canada.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-181">**Canada.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-182">If you acquired this software in Canada, you may stop receiving updates by turning off the automatic update feature, disconnecting your device from the Internet (if and when you re-connect to the Internet, however, the software will resume checking for and installing updates), or uninstalling the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-182">If you acquired this software in Canada, you may stop receiving updates by turning off the automatic update feature, disconnecting your device from the Internet (if and when you re-connect to the Internet, however, the software will resume checking for and installing updates), or uninstalling the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-183">The product documentation, if any, may also specify how to turn off updates for your specific device or software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-183">The product documentation, if any, may also specify how to turn off updates for your specific device or software.</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-184">**德國和奧地利。**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-184">**Germany and Austria.**</span></span>
        1. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-185">**Warranty.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-185">**Warranty.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-186">The properly licensed software will perform substantially as described in any Microsoft materials that accompany the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-186">The properly licensed software will perform substantially as described in any Microsoft materials that accompany the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-187">However, Microsoft gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the licensed software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-187">However, Microsoft gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the licensed software.</span></span>
        1. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-188">**Limitation of Liability.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-188">**Limitation of Liability.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-189">In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as, in case of death or personal or physical injury, Microsoft is liable according to the statutory law.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-189">In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as, in case of death or personal or physical injury, Microsoft is liable according to the statutory law.</span></span>

            <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-190">Subject to the foregoing clause ii., Microsoft will only be liable for slight negligence if Microsoft is in breach of such material contractual obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called "cardinal obligations").</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-190">Subject to the foregoing clause ii., Microsoft will only be liable for slight negligence if Microsoft is in breach of such material contractual obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called "cardinal obligations").</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-191">In other cases of slight negligence, Microsoft will not be liable for slight negligence.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-191">In other cases of slight negligence, Microsoft will not be liable for slight negligence.</span></span>

11. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-192">*英文：* **擔保免責聲明。**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-192">*In English:* **DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-193">軟體會以「目前」授權。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-193">The software is licensed "as is."</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-194">貴用戶須自行承擔使用風險。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-194">You bear the risk of using it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-195">Microsoft 不提供任何明示擔保、保證或條件。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-195">Microsoft gives no express warranties, guarantees, or conditions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-196">若要在適用的法律規定的範圍內，Microsoft 排除所有默示的保證，包括適售性、特定用途的適用性，以及未侵權。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-196">To the extent permitted under applicable laws, Microsoft excludes all implied warranties, including merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-197">*En Français*： **EXONÉRATION DE GARANTIE。**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-197">*En Français*: **EXONÉRATION DE GARANTIE.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-198">Le logiciel visé par une licence est offert « tel quel ».</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-198">Le logiciel visé par une licence est offert « tel quel ».</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-199">Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est à votre seule risque et péril.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-199">Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est à votre seule risque et péril.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-200">Microsoft n’accorde aucune autre garantie expresse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-200">Microsoft n’accorde aucune autre garantie expresse.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-201">Vous pouvez bénéficier de droits additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la protection des consommateurs, que ce contrat ne peut modifier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-201">Vous pouvez bénéficier de droits additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la protection des consommateurs, que ce contrat ne peut modifier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-202">La ou elles sont permises par le droit locale, les garanties implicites de qualité marchande, d’adéquation à un usage particulier et d’absence de contrefaçon sont exclues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-202">La ou elles sont permises par le droit locale, les garanties implicites de qualité marchande, d’adéquation à un usage particulier et d’absence de contrefaçon sont exclues.</span></span>

12. <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-203">*英文：* **損害限制和排除。**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-203">*In English:* **LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-204">如果您有任何依據上述擔保免責聲明而復原損害的基準，您可以從 Microsoft 和其供應商處復原，只會直接對美國 $5.00 的損害。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-204">If you have any basis for recovering damages despite the preceding disclaimer of warranty, you can recover from Microsoft and its suppliers only direct damages up to U.S. $5.00.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-205">您無法復原任何其他損毀，包括後果性、遺失利潤、特殊、間接或偶然的損害。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-205">You cannot recover any other damages, including consequential, lost profits, special, indirect or incidental damages.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-206">此限制適用于) 與軟體、服務、內容 (（包括協力廠商網際網路網站上的程式碼) 或協力廠商應用程式）相關的任何專案 (;和 (b) 違反合約、擔保、擔保或條件的宣告;嚴格責任、疏忽或其他侵權行為;或任何其他宣告;在每個案例中，以適用法律允許的程度。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-206">This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, warranty, guarantee, or condition; strict liability, negligence, or other tort; or any other claim; in each case to the extent permitted by applicable law.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-207">It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-207">It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-208">The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your state, province, or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential, or other damages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-208">The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your state, province, or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential, or other damages.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-209">*En Français：* **限制 DES DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS ET DE RESPONSABILITÉ澆築 LES DOMMAGES。**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-209">*En Français:* **LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR LES DOMMAGES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-210">Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de se fournisseurs une indemnisation en cas de dommages 導向 uniquement à hauteur de 5，00 $ US。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-210">Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs une indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement à hauteur de 5,00 $ US.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-211">Vous ne pouvez prétendre à aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris les dommages spéciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de bénéfices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-211">Vous ne pouvez prétendre à aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris les dommages spéciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de bénéfices.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-212">Cette limitation concerne:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-212">Cette limitation concerne:</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-213">tout ce qui est relié au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers; et</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-213">tout ce qui est relié au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers; et</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-214">les réclamations au titre 消除非法 de contrat ou de garantie，ou au titre de responsabilité stricte，de négligence ou d'une autre faute dans la limite autorisée par la loi en vigueur。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-214">les réclamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie, ou au titre de responsabilité stricte, de négligence ou d’une autre faute dans la limite autorisée par la loi en vigueur.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-215">Elle s’applique également, même si Microsoft connaissait ou devrait connaître l’éventualité d’un tel dommage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-215">Elle s’applique également, même si Microsoft connaissait ou devrait connaître l’éventualité d’un tel dommage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3bbde-216">Si votre pays n’autorise pas l’exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilité pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que la limitation ou l’exclusion ci-dessus ne s’appliquera pas à votre égard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3bbde-216">Si votre pays n’autorise pas l’exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilité pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que la limitation ou l’exclusion ci-dessus ne s’appliquera pas à votre égard.</span></span>
